# WEEK-III-INDEPENDENT-PROJECT
Overview  In this week's independent project, you will be working as Data Scientist for MTN Cote d'Ivoire, a leading telecom company and you will be solving for the following research question.  Currently MTN Cote d'Ivoire would like to upgrade its technology infrastructure for its mobile users in Ivory Coast. Studying the given dataset, how does MTN Cote d'Ivoire go about the upgrade of its infrastructure strategy within the given cities? Your final deliverable will be a Data Report which will comprise the following sections;  Business Understanding  Data Understanding  Data Preparation  Analysis  Recommendation  Evaluation You can use the CRISP-DM methodology to guide you while working on the Data Report. Your Data Report will also need to have an objective account, with insights majorly coming from the dataset. However, you can refer to external information for supporting information.   Below are some questions that can get you started;  Which ones were the most used city for the three days? Which cities were the most used during business and home hours? Most used city for the three days? etc.  The telecom data provided for this project is only a sample ( i.e. for only three days).  The data files that you will need for this project will be as follows:  cells_geo_description.xlsx [Link] (Links to an external site.) cells_geo.csv [Link] (Links to an external site.) CDR_description.xlsx [Link] (Links to an external site.) CDR 20120507 [http://bit.ly/TelecomDataset1] (Links to an external site.) CDR 20120508 [http://bit.ly/TelecomDataset2] (Links to an external site.) CDR 20120509 [http://bit.ly/TelecomDataset3]
